Clue Assistant documentation

Brian Chau, Daniel Lu

- Defining the cards

There are cards that represents either a suspect, weapon, or room. Each card has
a name that is recognized by the program. They are:
	Weapons:
		candlestick
		knife
		leadpipe
		revolver
		rope
		wrench
	Rooms:
		ballroom
		billiardroom
		conservatory
		diningroom
		hall
		kitchen
		library
		lounge
		study
	Suspects:
		colonelmustard
		missscarlet
		professorplum
		mrgreen
		mrswhite
		mrspeacock
The names of these cards MUST be entered exactly as written above or else the
program will not recognize the names.

- Starting the game - you must do these steps in order.

You must specify the number of players in the game before starting. To do so,
use: numplayers(n).
Example:
	numplayers(4).

You MUST add players in the order that they are seated. To add a player, use:
addplayer(name).
Example:
	addplayer(mrgreen).

Now you must specify which player you are. To do that, use: myplayer(name).
Example:
	myplayer(mrgreen).

Afterwards, you can add all the cards which you own. To add a card, use:
addcard(name,card).
Example:
	addcard(mrgreen,wrench).
	addcard(mrgreen,mrgreen).

To tell the program that the game has been set up and that the game has started,
use: start.

Now, the program knows that the game has begun!

- During the game

To check the order of the turns, use the following command: displayorder.

To tell the program of your own suggestion, use the following:
	-if nobody proved that your suggestion is false:
		mysuggestfalse(room, suspect, weapon).
	-if somebody proved that your suggestion is false:
		mysuggestiontrue(room, suspect, weapon, player, card).

To tell the program of someone else's suggestion, use the following:
	-if nobody proved that their suggestion is false:
		othersuggestfalse(room, suspect, weapon, player).
	-if somebody proved that their suggestion is false:
		othersuggestfalse(room, suspect, weapon, player-suggested,
							card, player-proved).
		Note: player-suggested is the player who made the suggestion;
		      player-proved is the player who disproved the suggestion.

Before asking if it's possible to make an accusation, you MUST update the
database by using update, and using the semicolon key to wait until update is
finished executing on all three branches. Alternatively, to update ONLY one of
the three branches, run: updateweapon, updatesuspect, or updateroom.

To ask if it's possible to make an accusation, use: accusation(R,S,W). This will
return false if no no accusation can be made, or the accusation that you should
make: R is the room, S is the suspect, W is the weapon. Alternatively, you can
ask for a list of all the absolute accusations that the program knows of. Use:
accuse(X).

To view the contents of the database, use: printallknown.







